Gold has climbed from $2.600
at the start of the year.
to $3.600.
marking record highs.
The thing right now is gold
prices are so high.
I'm pissed off that we're not
in a position
to take advantage of it.
We're way too close to the end
of the season.
We're going for 1.800.
and it seems like a fantasy
at the moment.
Rick is in
an all-too-familiar place.
After months with no sluicing.
he's burning through
the little cash he has left.
But now. with just four weeks
to go. he's back on paydirt
and on the precipice of getting
back on the gold.
I'm nervous.
We need to pay the bills
and how little time
we have left.
and I'm feeling it.
I still think we can make it.
I know we can make it.
We're just going to have to
work harder than we ever have.
Seven weeks ago. Rick gambled
a million dollars to open up
the massive Valhalla Cut.
We're not just risking
our gold bonuses or your gold.
but it could be the end
of the company as well.
After removing 150 feet
of overburden.
Rick hit a dead end.
It was just still ple--
pure clay.
- What do you mean?
- No pay.
And other miners are smelling
blood in the water.
Sell the place.
I'll buy it from you.
The vultures are circling
but not willing to give up yet.
We are about to run some good
ground out of Vegas Valley.
I mean. we had huge numbers
out of that last year.
so. we're still in it.
Last week. Rick pivoted back
to his old Vegas Valley Cut.
The 200-foot-deep pit is
the richest ground
Rick's ever mined.
It saved his season before.
and Rick believes it could
deliver 350 ounces a week.
You know. the boys are gonna
fire up the washplants today.
That's gonna be great to
actually see a bunch of yardage
getting through here
and actually seeing some gold.
At the bottom of the cut.
operator Bailey Carten loads
the gold-rich paydirt
into rock trucks to haul to
the stockpile next to washplant
Monster Red.
Hopefully. the rest of the pay
in the Vegas Valley is gonna
really help us out a lot.
It is exciting.
We have a pretty decent
stock pile.
I think it's balls to the wall.
full capacity.
I can't wait to get Monster Red
up and running. so we can get
some pay washed through
the plant. and get some gold.
We ain't getting no gold bonus
if we ain't washing any dirt.
Oh. yeah.
That'll get us started.
- It's a pretty good-sized pile.
- It's not bad.
Well. it's been a long
time coming.
We haven't pulled any gold
in a while.
No. I forgot what
this plant does.
I know you guys are chomping
at the bit
to get this thing running.
- Yep.
- Shall we get some gold today?
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
- All right.
It's been almost two months
here since we've gotten any
gold. seen this plant run.
any of that [bleep].
So. yeah. it's about time.
We need it.
All the gold we found this
spring is just about [bleep].
well. it is gone. so. it's like
we're starting
over from scratch.
- Get your bucket ready?
- Yep.
- Yeah!
- Fire it up!
Let's see how she's doing.
I mean. it feels great.
to finally start running
the plant here.
So. this is the first. uh.
first bucket going in.
It's been how many months
since we've seen
this thing run?
So. it's kind of like
relearning it again.
Good to see.
We need it if
we're going to come remotely
close to 1.800 ounces.
But as of right now.
this is cause to celebrate.
- Looks good to me.
- I'm happy.
The big thing is we're getting
gold right now.
[bleep] yeah.
about [bleep] time.
[bleep] right.
Plant's running. boys.
We're on the gold.
That's going to be great.
actually seeing some gold.
you know. hopefully start
adding those numbers up.
That'd be awesome.
Seeing gold prices so high.
Finally. we're going to get
some gold.
It's fricking awesome.
We need the gold.
Money's gone out the door.
and not a whole lot's come in.
We definitely needed it.
and for my stress. I needed it.
So it feels good.
I know the guys are happy.
It's been stressing them
out. too.
And so today's a good day.
With gold prices where they're
at. it's hit a whole bunch of
record highs. and who knows how
long these prices will last.
We're just shy
of 10.000 ounces.
It's just like a hell of a year
to be mining gold.
31-year-old Parker Schnabel
is hell-bent
on a record-breaking season.
His well-oiled operation
has already pulled in
over $30 million worth of gold.
And now. he's within
striking distance
of his 10.000-ounce gold.
We've got a lot
of ground to get through still.
and the name of the game is
just keeping these
washplants running.
We have four plants
and it's just...
sluice. sluice. sluice.
Hi.
Have you seen the price
of gold?
Yeah. it's pretty crazy. eh?
Do you think it's
gonna stay on that trend?
No-- what goes up must
come down.
Yeah. definitely. man.
Like. I know you've had
an insane season
and you've done
an amazing job.
but I don't need you to worry
about much else other than just
trying to keep those
plants running.
- OK.
- Thanks. Tyson.
See ya.
This season.
Parker's tasked foreman
Tyson Lee with overseeing three
washplants. the Golden Goose
and Big Red in the Golden Mile.
and washplant Bob
in the Bridge Cut.
It's that time of year when
people are getting tired.
equipment's getting tired.
and we just have to get
through this final push.
We need to try and fight this
out. get these cuts mined out.
We still have a lot of sluicing
to do this year. and it looks
like our days might already
be numbered.
I don't really love that sound.
Bob's mad.
Tyson. got a copy. Tyson?
Yeah. go ahead.
We've got a major issue
with Bob's shaker deck here.
Wondering if you'd be able
to stop by.
That does not sound good.
I'm on my way.
This is the last thing we need.
Oh. [bleep].
Oh. that's actually
pretty serious.
Mechanics Alec Kelly and
Liam Pukila have found massive
structural cracks in washplant
Bob's screen deck.
We have to come up with
a long-term solution here.
We can't keep doing this.
It's gonna turn into
a nightmare pretty quickly.
Alec and Liam have already
patched up the cracks.
but their welds keep failing.
Well. what'd you guys find?
It doesn't sound good.
We got some pretty bad cracks
in Bob's lower deck there.
Not just bad.
these are cancer.
Doesn't matter who's welding
them up. it's blowing
right past our supports.
Yeah. today we got four cracks
in there. so it's just like.
oh. man. like.
when is this going to stop.
or will it stop?
Well. apparently
it's not going to.
so we got to find
another option.
I'm going to have to talk
to Parker.
We need Bob up and running
for the rest of the season.
Right now. we're down
a washplant.
What up?
Bob's shaker deck. it's--
it's [bleep].
There's nothing
we can do about it
without a new
screen deck here.
so we're going to have to find
one. get one coming.
Since Bob is screwed.
let's take Bob out
and bring Sluicifer in.
I want Bob back in that pit.
though. at the end of the week.
I don't want to do this season
with Sluicifer.
Had a lot of problems with
that washplant in the cold.
We can get more yardage
out of Bob.
OK. let's go tear
Sluicifer apart.
All right.
Parker wants Sluicifer moved
to the Bridge Cut to take over
for Bob. but you know.
at this time of year.
it's a dangerous game
moving plants.
because you never know when
things are gonna start
freezing up.
But the boss wants.
the boss gets.
Tyson needs to play
musical washplants.
First. he must move spare
washplant Sluicifer
from the laydown yard a mile
upstream to the Bridge Cut
to take over from Bob.
He'll then drag Bob back
to the laydown yard to have
its shaker deck replaced.
Once fixed. Tyson must haul Bob
back to the Bridge Cut.
swap out Sluicifer.
then haul it all the way back
to the laydown yard.
All told. four washplant moves
in just one week.
Yeah. swapping Sluicifer
with Bob will make up at least
three days of sluicing time.
And that's a lot of money
in the pocket for us.
We don't want to leave that
on the ground.
We want it in the bank account.
Holy [bleep]. it's a [bleep]
million degrees in this [bleep].
Who the [bleep]
left the heat on?
Four washplant moves this week.
In theory. it should work.
but we've never done this sort
of thing before.
Now. we really don't want
Sluicifer sliding off
and getting damaged.
so we're just going
to take her slow and steady.
We'll get her down there.
We'll get her in place.
Hopefully before we lose
too much downtime.
Oh. come on!
Sluicifer. welcome
to the Bridge Cut!
So. now we gotta go put
Sluicifer together. now that
it's here in the Bridge Cut.
So we're halfway there.
You know. the leaves are
changing color. and we're just
really under the gun to get
this washplant set up here.
It's tricky.
But Tyson's the best. so he's
done this a million times.
Looking good. Tyson.
Looking good.
We're gonna get
this conveyor
mounted onto Sluicifer.
OK. keep walking
forward. Tyson.
Yeah. good there.
Just got the conveyor on.
and now we're trying to hang
one sluice run.
Down just a little bit. Tyson.
Whoa!
Awesome.
Nice work. guys.
Record timing.
Yeah.
The first of four
washplant moves.
Sweet.
Sluicifer's ready
to rock here.
Well. here we go.
Let's fire Sluicifer up here.
and hopefully Bob will be back
in place before we know it.
With Sluicifer washing pay.
Tyson can turn his attention
to getting washplant
Bob repaired.
Bob's really hurting
right now.
Now we're getting ready
to haul it to the plant yard.
That looks good right there.
Off to her maiden voyage.
She needs some work.
You know. Parker wants us
to get as much gold out
of the ground as possible.
but Bob's cracking out.
We're constantly just wanting
to keep sluicing and wanting
to keep washing rocks.
At Dominion Creek.
foreman Tyson Lee is in a race
to get washplant
Bob's screen deck replaced
by the end of the week.
Just got off the phone and got
a screen deck that sounds like
it's gonna work for Bob.
The only thing is.
it's in Vancouver Island
and we've got to get it up here
to Dawson City.
To get Bob back sluicing.
Tyson must transport
a brand-new shaker deck over
1.800 miles north to Dominion.
You know. normally when I'm
in these kind of trying times
of a lot of work to do and not
enough people to do them.
and I would call Tupper
and he's kind of been a secret
weapon of mine for the past
couple years now.
For I always. you know.
looked up to him
as a bit of an idol of mine.
And he's been suffering.
He's been diagnosed
with leukemia.
And...
he's trying to battle it out.
He's gone through countless
rounds of chemo.
really been taking
a toll on him.
Haulage-company owner
Mike Tupper has been
Tyson's mentor since he was
13 years old.
Tyson had a dream of going
gold mining. and here he is.
and now I guess he's the boss
and I'm his little kid.
Over the years. Tyson's friend
has been his go-to guy
for hauling large equipment.
Tyson called me and basically
said. "Get up here.
"we're moving Big Red
and we're in a panic
and we're short guys.
so here I am."
Thanks for your help. Tupp.
Couldn't have done it
without you.
Normally. we talk on the phone
pretty much every night
and just went through
a period there of...
not really hearing from him
at all.
How are you doing. Tupp?
Yeah. doing good.
Doctors are super happy.
So. building strength
and just trying to get back
to the normal.
- You look good.
Yeah. I've been
through the ringer.
It's not easy. but fight.
stay positive.
and get through this
and get back at it.
Yeah. well. everyone
misses you up here.
That's for sure.
I think about it every day.
and I think about all you guys.
This week would have been
a hell of a lot easier with
you here. that's for sure.
It's been-- it's been wild.
Yeah. I miss it.
Believe me.
So...
I kind of need to ask
a favor from you.
Basically. Bob's screen deck
is cracking out of it.
I got a screen deck for us
that will work.
but it's in Vancouver Island
and we need it here.
That's OK. I can send
a lowbed over to grab it.
That would be great.
The sooner-- the sooner
we have it. the better.
OK. so I know you're--
you're getting tired. and...
Parker's got you doing lots.
And you know what. though?
Just stick with it
and do what you do.
- And get 'er. man.
- Just heal up.
And if anyone's
got it. it's you.
- Love you. man.
- OK.
- Love you. Tys.
- See you. Tupp.
- Talk to you.
- Bye.
Whew.
Time to go see Kevin.
Hope he's not in the middle
of something. because I got
to deliver some bad news.
This venture means a lot
to both of us.
Like. for all the frustrations.
finally being able to do it
himself and finally being able
to tell Tony that he succeeded
is probably what Kevin
would love to do.
- Hey. Kev.
- Yep.
Can I have a word
with you for a sec?
Yeah. sure.
So...
did a little bit
of accounting and books.
Mm-hmm.
We're pretty far away
from our 2.000-ounce goal.
Things are getting pretty bad.
Well. [bleep].
Should we ask Tony for help?
I-- I don't think so.
I'd rather just do it
on our own.
Mm.
I mean. especially considering
I'm not very good
at asking for help.
No. you're usually
quite stubborn.
Kind of like your father.
The ground is just
not panning up.
If we gotta cut
any expenses we can.
we'll just have to work
our asses off.
Yeah.
All right.
Tony Beets' eldest son.
Kevin. is on the ropes.
With less than a month to go in
his second season as mine boss.
he's still over a thousand
ounces short of his goal
and running out of cash fast.
This year is
in serious jeopardy.
It's not showing up in
the ground. which is [bleep].
I've been working for Tony
for over 25 years.
The easy answer.
going to Tony for help.
I don't think
we're gonna [bleep] do it.
I spoke a lot of big [bleep].
so I better walk the walk
that I'm trying to talk.
All we can do.
Kevin has spent ten weeks
mining the seven-acre
Sphinx Cut. but so far.
it's not delivered
the gold he needs.
The 2.000-ounce goal
does seem a little far off.
but we'll see.
Hopefully. all the work we're
gonna put in pays off.
Naturally.
Kevin doesn't want to leave
any gold in the ground
with the price that gold is
at the moment.
So. yeah. we're all working
our butts off
to get it all through the plant.
To help keep the plant running
24/7 and increase gold
production. Kevin's called in
a trusted veteran.
The birds are tweeting.
The sun's out.
I've had me breakfast.
Happy as a piggy in [bleep].
Gary Masters worked with Kevin
last season
and has 15 years' experience
running a loader.
Back in the loader seat again.
I had a message off
of Kevin asking me
to return for the--
for the final push.
So. I got back to camp.
Got back in the loader and now
we're going to do that last
push to the end of the season.
Recently got married.
Shall we say cut the honeymoon
a bit short?
Which I don't mind.
The new wife wasn't
overly impressed. but...
The buggers here are
like a little family.
so hopefully we will
meet our target
and see the season out.
We're just battling on
at the moment.
Happy days.
Plant's running again.
Oh!
We've got damage.
Oh. [bleep] me!
That wasn't a good one.
Call for Kevin.
Go for Kevin.
You know the bar that goes
from one side to the other.
that has self-destructed.
I'll be right there.
Things keep breaking on us.
We really can't afford
any [bleep] downtime.
Oh!
We've got damage.
Ooh!
We're gonna turn her off.
Shut her down.
Kevin's only moneymaker
is shut down
with broken grizzly bars.
It's the bar that runs
this end straight through
is broken and [bleep] bent.
It's bent like
a frigging banana.
I'm gonna have to have
a look at that.
♪ If it's not one thing.
it's another ♪
It's [bleep] atrocious.
Yeah.
So. start of the plan.
We're gonna hook up
our giant come-along here
to the crossbeam.
the piece of half-inch steel.
Try and pull it straighter.
At least get that end back
through the hole
and then see if we can
straighten it out.
Probably weld a support bracket
to hold it in [bleep] place.
Probably heat it to make it
live in its new home.
The hopper feeder's grizzly
bars stop big rocks from
traveling through and damaging
Kevin's washplant.
Two crossbeams that run
through the center of
the grizzlies are damaged
due to large rocks smashing
against them.
To fix them. Kevin must heat
the steel bars and use a winch
to bend the beams
back into position.
Once in place. he will weld
a support bracket
at each end to secure them.
It's not gonna be
a 10-minute job.
Being polite...
Oh. gosh.
In real terms. [bleep].
Let's see.
That should relieve a lot
of tension if we can get it
nice and red-hot.
You want to try giving
it a crank?
Yeah. she's moving.
There she goes again.
There we go.
This is back
in the right place.
I'm gonna weld either end of it
before we take this off to help
hold it in [bleep] spot.
OK.
That's the last weld. Gary.
Brilliant.
Hopefully now we can make it
to the end of the season
without any more [bleep] work.
Shut down for six hours.
it's cost over $15.000
in lost gold production.
Screen deck on.
I'm very confident
about the fix.
All right. nice.
good-sized bucket.
See him cutting the rocks
in there. too.
That's good.
Good test for the welds.
Looks good. Gary.
It's looking good.
- Nice and smooth.
- Plant is running.
We are finding gold.
Hopefully now we can make it
to the end of the season
without any more work.
Fingers crossed.
From what we've had to deal
with. I think things are...
are looking actually positive
right now.
We're gonna fight to get as
much gold as we can get.
Is there gonna be enough here
to be able to hit our goal.
hit 1.800 ounces?
I don't know.
Obviously. we got a long ways
to go. but we know
that we're on the gold.
After a two-month gold
drought. Rick and his skeleton
crew are finally back running
Vegas Valley pay.
chasing a 350-ounce week.
Everything seems to be going
really well.
Pretty steady pace.
We're pushing pull quite a bit
of gold out
in the last four weeks here.
Plant's running exactly
how we want it to run.
Right now. we're right on cue
to be where we need.
Keep the gold coming out.
Go home with some
[bleep] money.
While Kyle feeds Monster Red
and mechanic Ryan clears
its tailings. rock truck
drivers Chris and Kai haul
paydirt to the stockpile.
1.800 ounces sounds like a lot.
but. you know. we got a good
crew. so I'm excited for keep
money coming in and. you know.
obviously go home
with a good gold bonus.
With the way gold prices
are today...
Oh. [bleep]!
You got to be kidding me.
[bleep]. eh.
[bleep] [bleep].
Yep...
Ryan. you got a copy?
- Yeah. go ahead.
- My tire went flat.
We got to get a new tire.
Just what we [bleep] need.
A rock truck down. Kai jumps
into Rick's only spare
working truck.
We're not having the greatest
luck towards the end
of the season here.
Hey. Chris. you got a copy?
Yeah. go ahead.
Yeah. buddy. your truck's
making some noises
in your driveline area.
- [bleep].
- Yeah. it doesn't
sound really good.
[bleep]!
Ryan's not gonna be happy.
[bleep].
I'll take a look at it
real quick.
[bleep]!
- Hey. Kyle. you got a copy?
- Yeah. go ahead.
Hey. shut the plant down. dude.
We've already got
two trucks down.
All right.
I'll shut her down.
We got two trucks down
with hardly any gold right now.
Unfortunately. we gotta
shut the plant down
and go get this fixed.
This radio call from Chris
saying. his rear of the truck's
making a [bleep] clonking noise
on it right now.
We got another truck down
with a tire.
After just two days running.
Monster Red is once again
at a standstill
while Rick's sluicing crew
fix two broken rock trucks.
Is his driveline.
it's taken a couple
pretty good shots.
This driveline's [bleep] up.
just [bleep] taking a toll.
This is the Ness crew's
third broken drive shaft
of the season.
You know. we got
a spare driveline.
But right now. this is the last
functioning one we got.
Kyle's giving me a hand.
He's kind of taking on
the rock truck tire
that we've got damaged.
This is our last spare tire.
So we're just trying to tackle
two things at once here.
We're not running
the washplant.
so that means no gold coming in.
Trying to get this done
as quick as possible.
OK. rotate.
All right. how's that?
- Just the slip yoke.
- Perfect.
- See you later.
- All good?
- Yep.
- Excellent.
All right.
So. now we're back
in the two-truck game.
We've got Chris fixed up.
Now we need to get this one
done. because it's bound to
happen again that we lose
another one.
Yeah. bring her down a little.
Now we got this tire on here.
we'll put some air in it.
Me and Ryan can get our ass
back to that washplant
and keep running pay.
We really got to tighten up
and be careful
the rest of the season.
Otherwise. our chance at 1.800
isn't going to happen.
Unfortunately. it was
two hours of bull[bleep]
we didn't need to do
right there.
Downtime is crucial.
Every minute adds up out here.
and especially when you got
winter around the corner.
Fire it back up.
Fire her up.
I'll jump in that loader.
Monster Red may be back in
the game. but the crew needs
a record-breaking gold haul
to claw back lost time.
It's just a lot
right now. man.
Everybody's tired.
so is the equipment.
But the good thing is we're
back up and running.
Bailey's got his trucks back.
We got the plant fired up.
and we're sluicing again.
The screen deck in Bob
keeps cracking apart.
We keep fixing it.
It's a major job to fix them.
which we don't have time for.
At Dominion's laydown yard.
washplant Bob is shut down.
awaiting a new screen deck.
With how high the gold price
is. we can't afford that much
downtime. so I've asked
the guys to bring Sluicifer in.
We could keep Sluicifer in
the whole time. but Bob runs
a little more yardage.
which helps.
but more importantly than that.
Sluicifer does really poorly
in the cold.
When Bob's fixed. we will
put it back in. I think.
I think we have to. because...
we have a lot of pay to sluice.
and it's getting cold.
You know. it's getting near
the end of the season and this
is when crunch time happens.
The pressure's on now and
it'll be on until we're done.
At Parker's washplant yard.
with Tyson's friend
Tupper's help.
mechanic Bill Horton has
a special delivery.
Can I interest anybody
in a screen deck?
That was perfect timing.
Tupper. he was able
to help us out.
get the screen deck up here.
- That looks awesome.
To swap the new screen deck
into Bob.
the crew must first disassemble
the plant's hopper.
Next. they will remove
the cracked seven-ton
shaker deck.
then crane the new shaker deck
back onto its springs.
followed by the hopper feeder
and spray bars.
So. we get the crane set up
here and pick
this hopper off first.
We've never done
a screen deck here on site.
But we're also doing triple
the ground we used to do
and the sluicing hours are
crazy. so it's bound to happen.
Piece number two coming off.
That's awesome.
And then it's screen deck time.
We got to come this way some.
because we got some bolts
coming through here that are
gonna hook.
OK. you're clear here now.
Sorry.
Whoa! One second.
Just a spring.
OK. now you're clear.
Yeah. I'm going this side.
Everything's looking good.
If we can get it setting
on the ground here.
then we'll be good.
Great job.
This is the big moment here.
We're gonna lift the new
screen deck into place.
Hopefully this all goes
as smooth as it came apart.
Hopefully we get this screen
deck setting on here on top
of these springs
without hurting anything.
You know. if we smash
the pulley off the end
or bend the shaft.
we're pretty much [bleep].
So it's only $100.000.
I'm sure we can just pick up
another one tomorrow
at the corner store.
- Ready?
- Yeah.
Try to steady it. OK?
Just want to bump the springs
and get them in the pillar.
- Is that all four this side in?
- Yeah. they're all in.
Brand new screen deck's
in place.
About time we get her
out to the field
and put her to the test.
The way the gold's been
coming in. we really need four
washplants to help us pull off
10.000 ounces this year.
You know. right now.
we're pulling
into the Bridge Cut.
We're gonna shut Sluicifer
down. get the washplants
traded out. and get Bob
fired up in no time.
Sluicifer moved out...
Looking good. Tyson.
looking good.
...it's time to swap in Bob.
Here it comes. here it comes.
I think that's
a beautiful spot.
Swing towards
the washplant slowly.
OK. good there.
Looking good. Tyson.
Whoo-hoo!
So. right now we're getting
ready to fire up here.
Here we go.
After four washplant moves
in one week...
First scoop of pay going
into Bob's new shaker deck.
...Bob is back sluicing.
ready to help chase down
Parker's 10.000 ounce goal.
And hopefully it's the last
of the downtime here
in the Bridge Cut.
- Hey. Kev.
- Hey. Faith.
- How she goes?
- Good.
- Ah. I see you brought...
- A little something something.
A little something something?
Kevin and Faith are
over 1.000 ounces short
of their 2.000 ounce goal.
So we had a bit of a rough week
with the grizzly bar issue.
Yeah.
But it's nice to have Gary
running the equipment.
Oh. yeah.
Gary's always nice.
Nice. cool head.
keep an eye on [bleep] too.
Mm-hmm.
Should we weigh it up.
find out?
Sure.
Kevin has two weeks of gold
to weigh up.
So far. his Sphinx Cut has been
averaging just 75 ounces
per week.
25. 30. 35...
45. 55.
To get back on track.
he needs it to deliver
250 ounces.
170. 180. 190. 200...
220...
221.87.
Worth $798.000.
The ground is picking up
a little bit. thankfully.
Yeah!
Kevin's gold haul pushes
his season total
to 1.215 ounces.
I mean. it's a good thing
that gold price is this high.
Yeah. gold prices are so high
that. like. you just want
to catch every single flake.
- Yeah.
That wasn't too bad.
Ground is picking up.
It goes to show. though.
hiring good people like Gary
pays off.
So I have to take the knocks
and keep on going.
- Hello.
- Hey. Junior.
- How's it going. folks?
- Good.
How you doing. buddy?
Last week. Parker's crew
delivered over 600 ounces.
Now. despite having to play
musical washplants.
he's hoping for more.
Hey. Doumitt.
- Hey. T.
- How are you?
Good.
Busy. like everybody.
It was very busy.
Well. it started with Bob's
new shaker deck showed up.
Trade Bob for Sluicifer.
'Cause you just moved
four washplants.
Musical washplants.
Oh. it was like. it's good
we have the spare washplant.
It's nice getting that new
screen cage in Bob. though.
Yeah.
That should really
make a difference.
It really gave it a facelift.
Like. it looked like
a brand new washplant.
I called Tupper.
His company went to the island
and hauled it for us.
- And yeah. all worked out well.
- How's he doing?
- Good. yeah.
- On the mend?
- On the mend. yeah.
- I miss that guy.
I'm glad that worked out.
It was his way of being
up here. I guess. this year.
Hopefully it paid off. though.
all the musical washplants.
Just far enough away from
the end of the season that
you don't want the downtime.
- Are we doing five cleanups?
- Doing five. yeah.
Well. how did we do
this week. Doumitt?
- You want to take a look?
- Yeah.
Bob.
Broken Bob.
Here we go.
Let's see what the new
screen deck got us.
Bob ran for just 37 hours
in the Bridge Cut.
20. 30...
35.6.
That's it?
But Bob's fixed and running.
and it'll be all right.
This is part two
of your musical washplants.
This is Sluicifer.
Is this what all the blood.
sweat. and tears got us?
Yeah.
Five. 15...
Swapping in for Bob.
Sluicifer ran for 35 hours.
- That's it. man.
- That's it?
32.55.
Gold's worth a lot. isn't it?
No. I mean. it's 100 grand
we wouldn't have had.
Well. this is Big Red.
This is what happens
when the plant stays
in the same spot.
- Here we go.
Got 20. 40. 80...
Last week. Big Red
in the Golden Mile pulled in
over 133 ounces.
143.15.
That ground's been consistent.
It's your baby. GG.
There you go.
OK. here we go. Parker.
You ready?
Yeah.
20. 60. 90...
Also sluicing the Golden Mile.
new washplant Golden Goose.
which last week brought in
177 ounces.
170...
187.05.
- Nice.
- Yeah.
I'm glad that plant's
doing well.
Parker's Dominion operation
has delivered 398 ounces.
You want to see how
Roxanne did. Mitch?
- Yeah. buddy.
- Here we go.
All right.
15. 35. 70.
Ken and Stuart's Pit Two has
averaged nearly
140 ounces per week.
150.2.
Yeah.
This week. 548.55.
Parker's five plant blitz
has scored
nearly $2 million this week.
What's cool is our season
total is 8.942.2.
Nice.
Well. let's get
to that 10.000.
- All right. gentlemen.
- Thanks. guys.
- Thank you.
- Thanks. buddy.
- Keep it going.
- Thanks for making this work.
And. like. the thing with Bob
and Sluicifer.
I'm sorry that happened.
If I'd have known it was
for 60 ounces.
I wouldn't have done it.
At today's prices.
it was worth it.
- Thanks.
Look at this guy.
Is he going on a hot date
tonight. or what?
Shut your mouth.
I can put on a clean shirt
every now and then.
After eight weeks
without sluicing
and over a million dollars
in the hole.
Rick finally has gold to weigh.
Right now. it's good
to see that gold.
I mean. that's just a right
step in the right direction.
Yep.
I forgot what gold
looked like.
Right now. yeah. like 350
ounces a week
is what we need
right now to hit our goal.
I know it's [bleep]
that we had to abandon Valhalla
but had to do
what we had to do. I guess.
And at least there was pay
left over from last year.
Yeah. Vegas Valley.
we know that's good pay.
This is the second time we're
gambling on Vegas Valley.
Yeah.
We gambled on it
last year. too.
I don't think
we have a choice.
No. we don't.
I mean. it always comes down
to the end of the season for us.
but this one. I think.
is going to be rough.
Let's see if we can put
a dent in it anyways.
Uh. by the way. that first
100 ounces is in there.
And this is whatever we got
to go on top of that.
All right.
Whoa. 10. 20. 30...
It's going.
Where are we at?
95. 97. 98. 100...
105.4!
That's good. man.
Plus a hundred.
so that's 205.4
205.4.
[bleep] yeah!
Worth just over
730.000 dollars.
It ain't 350 but we'll take it.
That's a lot of money man.
it's hard to be upset at that.
643.84 ounces.
which is a lot. but...
[bleep] man.
we're running out of time.
I know we can do this
and I appreciate
you guys sticking it out. man.
I really do.
Without you guys
this doesn't happen.
- Yep
- So. thanks. guys!
Yeah. it's good to see
that amount of gold.
205.4 ounces is amazing
after having nothing.
Guys really pulled it together.
Unfortunate thing is.
we still got a long ways to go.
Well. you know. hard to be sad
about 205 ounces of gold
these days. but. you know.
it's not quite the number
we need. but I know now
we're on the right path.
and we just got
to [bleep] work for it.